Six Blessed Apples, but not a single Rod of Discord.
The Golem giving you his fifth Sun Stone without any Picksaw.
Two hours of generating worlds in search of a Pyramid - in vain.
Just one underground painting missing for your collection.
Fishing, no comment needed.

Does that sound familiar ? If yes, you have been visited by the R.N.Goddess and found unworthy. But thanks to this mod, your troubles are over !

TokenMod is a mod that adds special crafting components to the game, dropping randomly within the world. These components allow you to craft (almost) all rare or hard-to-find items in the game from the comfort of your home.

Click "Visit the Mod's Homepage" below to access the mod's GitHub, where you can find the source code and my contact info !

(Note that if your computer is slow, it may take a long time to build recipes on startup or reload)

Quick changelog (See github commits for full changes)

v1.2.1.1 - Furniture swaps
Many uncraftable furniture items can now be swapped with similar furniture to offset the new cost

v1.2.1 - Further balancing and new icon
Most uncraftable furniture items have changed costs - some are cheaper, others are more expensive (More consistent with cost of drops)
Fixed inconsistent "set" drops that were often too cheap and sometimes too expensive

v1.2.0.1 - Minor fix
Fixed the Sniper scope being craftable instead of the Rifle scope
Lowered the cost of post-plantera dungeon melee and ranged enemy drops

v1.2.0 - Major changes to the drop/cost formula, bosses and fishing
Value-to-essence formula completely changed, prices and drops are higher now
Boss bags no longer drops tokens - bosses directly do now, using different values (Expert drops are instanced like bags - experimental)
Fishing now grants tokens directly instead of crates - rarer but coniderably more
Fishing quests now grant tokens, scaling with quests completed
Fixed Shadow chest items not being craftable (only swappable)
Essence can now be recycled individually in addition of by groups of 100

v1.1.0 - Major changes to tokens
All eligible location tokens now drop instead of a random one
Tokens can no longer be recycled into Essence
Normal biome tokens no longer drop underground
Weather and Invasion tokens now only drop on the Surface
Item recipes have been updated
Eternia Stones now drop both Invasion and Boss tokens instead of either randomly

v1.0.2 - Bugfixes
Fixed Amarok and Hel-Fire tier (Was 2, now 3)
Tweaked Token distribution to be weighted towards "rarer" tokens

v1.0.1 - Bugfixes
Lowered stack size to 9999 (Fixes dropped stacks disappearing in MP)
Fixed right-clickables not working in MP
Most guaranteed essence/token sources always drop at least 1 essence/token

v1.0.0
First release